>> TOMORROW ON THE
SOCIAL, THE ACTOR KNOWN FOR
STARRING IN HUGE HITS LIKE THE
OC AND NOW CARDINAL BILLY
CAMPBELL.
[ Applause ]
>> WELCOME BACK,
EVERYBODY.
ALL RIGHT, MAKE SURE YOU'RE
ENGAGING WITH US RIGHT NOW IN
REAL TIME ONLINE.
WE WANT TO SHARE SOME NEWS ABOUT.
EVERY TIME THERE'S SOMETHING
HAPPENING THAT WE'RE REALLY
EXCITED AND PROUD OF WE LIKE TO
SHARE.
OUR PRESIDENT OF -- RANDY
LENNOX, A LEGEND IN THE MUSIC
INDUSTRY. ASK HONOURED FOR
CANADA'S MUSIC SCENE BECAUSE IT
WAS ANNOUNCED EARLIER TODAY
HE'LL BE PRESENTED WITH THE WALT
GREALIS SPECIAL ACHIEVEMENT
AWARD AT JUNO WEEK AND A HUGE
GALA.
A HUGE CONGRATULATIONS TO RANDY.
[ Applause ]
VERY EXCITING.
AND SPEAKING OF THE JUNOS, THE
2017 JUNO AWARDS HAPPEN SUNDAY,
APRIL 2nd.
WATCH IT HERE ON CTV
WE WILL KEEP YOU POSTED AS MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT THE SHOW IS
RELEASED.
BIG QUESTION THAT A LOT OF
PEOPLE ARE PONDERING, SHOULD
REAL LIVE ANIMALS APPEAR IN FILM
OR TELEVISION OR IS COMPUTER
GENERATED IMAGERY THE BETTER
OPTION?
ACCORDING TO TMZ ANIMAL RIGHTS
ACTIVIST ALSO BE PICKETING MOVIE
THEATERS OVER THE FILM "A DOG'S
PURPOSE".
RECENTLY, A VIDEO SURFACED OF
WHAT APPEARS TO BE A FRIGHTENED
GERMAN SHEPHERD BEING FORCED
INTO A POOL OF RUSHING WATER
DURING THE FILMING OF THE MOVIE.
[ Booing ]
SO THE PRODUCTION COMPANY TOLD
TMZ THEY DID NOT FORCE THE DOG
TO GO THROUGH WITH THE STUNT.
INSTEAD THEY CALLED A BREAK AND
FILMED IT ONCE THE DOG CALMED
DOWN AND WAS OKAY WITH IT.
SO THIS IS A BIG CONTROVERSY
BECAUSE IT'S AFFECTING THE FILM
NOW. AS THE ACTRESS ON THE PANEL
WHAT'S YOUR TAKE ON THIS?
>> IT'S INTERESTING, THE CGI
OPTION,
I SHOT A FILM LAST SUMMER AND WE
HAD A SCENE WITH A BEAR.
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO SCARE US,
THE DIRECTOR MET WITH VARIOUS
TRAINERS,
IN THE END, HE DIDN'T TRUST THEM
QUITE ENOUGH.
SO BASICALLY IT WAS CGI.
I FEEL LIKE SOMETIMES IT'S TRUE
ONSET THERE'S A FEELING OF
BECAUSE WE'RE FILMING FICTION WE
CAN PUSH THE LIMITS.
AND IT'S AS IF WE WEREN'T
SHOOTING REALITY. AND ME AS A
CHILD ACTOR, WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
ANIMALS RIGHT NOW BUT TO ME IT'S
THE SAME THING WITH CHILD
ACTORS.